My son, why do you search for death so eagerly?
Perhaps it isn't death you seek. 
Yes, I see it clearly now; you seek to harness the untamed power of the spikes.
Your greed is naiive, yet unwavering; I recognize I can not stop you.
But heed my warning: power comes at a price. What are you willing to sacrifice? 
Your blood? Your soul? Even your humanity?

Death; the unavoidable abyss that lures even those with a will made of iron.
In my youth I did not fear death, in those days I felt invincible; 
Ignorance that would cost me dearly.
The tales of the power spikes filled my head with grand delusion and 
 I failed to heed the grave warnings.
I would soon learn that I was not invincible.
I would soon learn to fear death.

With my newfound power I sought to spark hope for those I loved.
At first I thought they respected me, but soon I learned they feared me.
They thought me a monster, and I thought them cowards.
Banished, abandoned, alone. I had no one left to help. 
I couldn't even help myself recognize my descent into madness

Bloodshed. The spikes forced me to bring destruction to everything I once loved.
I cherished every death for a time, but my humanity soon caught up to me
My original self cried out to stop the violence, to stop the madness
I wanted nothing more to return to the life I once lived; to repent for my sins.
But I was no longer in control.

This is the first time I've felt hope since my downfall.
The blackened abyss of death lures me once more.
I hope to soon drift from madness to the void.
If there is a god I know I can't be forgiven
Put perhaps, I can be free once more.

My last act of greed. In truth I could have stopped you, through words or force.
But you've rekindled my optimism for what I hope to be the last time.
Once you commit to the power, to the spikes, the killing will begin.
I hope to be your first victim, to finally bring an end to my madness.
The cycle will begin anew.

Baby Music
"Bounce Baby Bounce!"
"Yum"
*bounce*
*Collide Spikes*

Eerie Music
*Step*
*push*
*Collide Spikes*

Base
Hang
Climb
Push
Fin